Update backup-synology.rst (#444)
Start9Labs/documentation: site/source/user-manual/backups/backup-setup/backup-synology.rst

Setup Network Folder
--------------------

#. In the Synology UI, go to *Control Panel > Shared Folder* and choose the folder you want to use as the destination for the backup.

>     .. note:: Do not select an encrypted folder. Encrypted folders on Synology enforce a character limit of 143 characters.  The StartOS backup uses folder/file names that are longer than 143 characters.  The backup process will fail if you try to backup to an encrypted folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. note:: Do not select an encrypted folder. Encrypted folders on Synology enforce a character limit of 143 characters.  At this time, StartOS backups use folder/file names that are longer than 143 characters.  The backup process will fail if you try to backup to an encrypted folder.
```

Author: Done.

        
#. Still in the Synology UI, go to *Control Panel > File Services > SMB* and click the SMB tab if it isn't already selected. Ensure that "Enable SMB service" is checked.

#. Under Advanced Settings on the same tab, set "Min SMB protocol" to SMB2 and "Max SMB protocol" to SMB3

> #. Also on the SMB tab, take note of your device name.  Just under "Note" in a pale blue box, you will see "PC (Windows Explorer): " and "Mac (Finder):". These both provide network addresses that contain your device's name. This device name is the "Hostname" you will need to provide within the StartOS "New Network Folder" dialog in step 3 of the "Connect StartOS" section below.

Reviewer: Is something shown for Linux?

Author: Nope.  Looks like this
<img width="815" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Start9Labs/documentation/assets/733873/48b03299-acca-469c-b6a7-1b6ae692080c">

#. Still in File Services, click on the rsync tab. Click the checkbox to enable the rsync service.

> #. Back in Synonogy UI, click "File Station" and locate the the desired destination folder. Right click the folder, then *Properties > General*. Next to "Location" will be a folder location. The portion of the location *without the volume label* is the value you will use for the "Path" within the StartOS New Network Folder dialog. For example, if the Location is `/volume1/Backups`, the value you care about is `Backups`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Back in the Synonogy UI, click "File Station" and locate the the desired destination folder. Right click the folder, then *Properties > General*. Next to "Location" will be a folder location. The portion of the location *without the volume label* is the value you will use for the "Path" within the StartOS New Network Folder dialog. For example, if the Location is `/volume1/Backups`, the value you care about is `Backups`.
```

Author: Done.
